1. I was on the 6th screen, I think,  and noticed at the top it said screen 02. Tried to go back and couldn't. Will restart from beginning. 
2. first 5 screens say 1-5 of 5 and recognizesSc B and go back one screen. Check number of lines in 1-5 of 5 one or more exceeds limit and should be split up. for  Screen 6 see #1 above.
3. Screen 26 is  misnumbered and also exceeds number of lines allowed.
4. Next screen 27 misnumbered and to long- split up. "Add Scan 3" after rootkit paragraph.  "Scan now do a deep scan of all drives as it will check areas that the custom scan will not" (or some wording like that)
5. We should mention about they will need to check reports fo each scan and quarantine and delete the files found.  I they are worried about what they found files might have done they can check with claude AI telling the filename and what the scan program said it was.
6. next screen - something flashed by.  Screen 39 PRE-SCan recommended - two bullets, switch them defender first and MB second bullet. Check that the guide has this order as well.
7. next screen  - checking anti-virus no screen number. Tried to change font size to 20 and it did not take. 
8, NExt screen 13 -MB Not detected - incorrect asks for MB download now selecting Y. pgm closed but was still there, end time this has happened. still Screen 13 with more info permissions box pressing enter
9.  next screen 49 - running on battery exception bitlocker. Same problem with sleep just says sleep revention is now active.  Liked previous wording better. Put it back.  Add  what setting was found and what it was changed to. selecting Y.
10. Next screen not numbered - Checking power-related security settings... Says its complete. Should explain what next screen will show just says check complete and next screen is long.
11.Next Screen 50 - labeled at the top: 'Your Settings Step 5'  MEaningless to user. Too Long split up. MAybe 4-5 screens follow policy.  Again settings need to separated into segments with each setting writeup with our recommendation with approve or disapprove following. Note critical battery not allowing approval or describnig hibernate and why they should use it.  
12. Next screen 51  Big flash - think i missed something. App Audits results - doesn't say we will remind you at end to manually review your apps and uninstall the ones youdon't want anymore. lso if it finds suspicious apps like fortect, or other AVs what does it tell them we need to test this out. Put in notes.
13. Do we talk about VPN and that, I believe,  MS has a free version available for both home and pro versions. (not sure) - in the tool, guide, website, etc. 
14. Next Screen 52 - Select a mode. Chose 1. Put a pause after choosing 1 and show them what they chose and to press space or enter or back one screen.
15.next screen - no screen number -  Seems stalled on 7 0f 19. Been at least 3 minutes will wait 5 minutes more an any chance we can get a spinning cursor or something else to show it is working. its been 10+ minutes will hit enter key. Soon as i hit key it flashed somehtin of 19 and went to next screen.
16. Next screen 53 - Your passwords responded Y
17. Next screen - 54 1 of 2 - change bootom line the Tool (always capitalize fist letter or maybe entire word to make it distinctive. Actually we should call it something distinctive as we will have other tools in the future. We decided on Checkup.  When next updating website, Checkup Tool, guide use new name everywhere tool appears. The last line do CRLF for each with line space between them.
18. Next Screen 75 - 2 of 2 - Can't the Checkup  Tool change these automatically? at least widgets and advertising ID also in edge windows smartscreen is substitute for 3 phishing settings in earlier versions. Research edge phishing protection and smartscreen.
19. Aside we need to tell user up front to perform windows update until it is fully updated before running the tool. Also we need to deep search with experts and forums to determine if any updates change existing settings  on their computer.  Gives user a reason to rerun tool after a windows update.  I believe MB will automatically update itself as long as their is internet available.  Check on this. 
20.Next screen - not numbered - Console 1 of 2 = 