1. ran.bat it flashed something and then screen #1 Welcome
2. space bar and Next Screens 1 of 5 thru 3 of 5.
3. ext screen 4 of 5 - to lomg separate into 2 pages.
4.next screen #5 - tried back button - checkup said can't go back because screen size was changed, but mdshows another back button and when you type 'B' get msg this is as far back as you can go. Fix this we don't want users experiencing this.
5. NeXT screen #5 again - said something about alt spacebar letting you go back.  hit cntl + spacebar and screen #6 appeared and can't go back. selected Y
6. Screen 7 - windows edition detected show win 11 home, but nothing more about the PC it is running on. Also explains about remote desktop is not available on home edition. Aside (please read this- claims it can be done in a certain way and we should test this - https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/experience/connectivity-networking/how-to-use-remote-desktop & this = https://docs.devolutions.net/rdm/overview/system-requirements) Checkup says Bitlocker automatically handles this but uses the term tool not Checkup. back button lets you go back to msg this is as far back as you can go after typing 'B' several times.  Spacebar takes you back to is this your personal PC and you have to answer Y again. After going forward a screen or 2, and you go back again and come forward again it skips '' this your personal computer'Approved- .
7. Next Screen 12 - Pre-Screen recommended. MB and defender still need to be reversed in the description so defender is read first and then MB second. Space bar caused something to flash by perhaps more then one screen.  
8. Nest Screen 17= console mode selected 1.
9. Screen 18 - P/w mgr selected Y didn't seem to take it right away, may have been my fault.
10. Screem 19 - 1 of 2 what this tool does - last line need to seoarated into 3 bullets with a blank line before andfter for ease of reading. 
11. Screen 20 2 of 2 = blank line at end.  All screens should have a last line as a blank line for east of reading change rule to 26 lines per screen maximum.
14. Screen 21 - aside: Cntl Z erasing here in terminal admin  instead of undoing. = console mode #6 should read edge phishing protection and it still says not configured. all thre ... - missing characterson 6, 8 and 9 in status column. need to expand/widen to accomdate length. there is room.
Alos 7b on left side characters missing. 
15. Lost Ascii38 will restart and resume
16. Back wo where I was selected console mode 1 - asked again about p/w mgr, selected Y'
17. Next screen 7 - what this tool does etc. next 2 of 2
18. Screen 9 1 of 2 - this is very confusing, the console screen l of 2 all widened and no characters cut off. Fix this with 10. screen 19 above. 
19. Aside: put a note to put on website a note saying coming in the future an edge, chrome and firefox hardening guide and perhaps automated tool. (or somesuch wording)
20.Some Edge actual settings: 1. Win Security/Apps & Browser Cntl: Smart App Control/Balanced protection from untrusted app is of. 2. Reputqation based protrection/smartscreen for MS Edge is off 3. phishing protection is on & warn me about malicious sppd apps and sites is checked, warn me about p/w reuse and unsafe p/w storage are not checked. automatically collect website or app content when addional analysis is needed is checked. 4. potentially unwanted app blocking is on 5. smartscreen for MS store is on.
21. Screen 10 2 if 2 - turned on Mark but it would not copy hit cntl 'C' and pgm ended; will restart/resume and will select N, 8, R for bitlocker check and run
22. on Screem 12 device encryption instructions to sign-on to you MS account (what if they don't have one). User needs step by step  instructions to setu. Aside, they could just use continue encryption without MS sign=on and save the key via print and usb.  Screen is to long split it. = the write-up is totally inadequate as the user doesn't know how to check if encryption is running. It's not i checked and it is still off.  Do they need to reboot to get it to run. should they quit checkout? Users will feel lost. Is recovery key saved before or after encryption. I assume afte. tell the user. Maybe more infor when they press space bar. When you expand this window, it turns into an unreadable mess. pgm crashed and I may have caused it. Will provide test results and logs now.
