



1. don't like the colored text, let's just use bold black outlined boxes with white text from now on except where you use colors to differentiate between detected items on charts 2. Screen defender r-t protection says it is not active but malwarebytes is there and Defender firewall is on for  all 3 networks,  you don't get to see tamper protection setting with malwarebytes managing  VP.  is there anyother way to locate tamper p? we need to correctly detect Malwarebytes and put up an accurate note. 3. after answering y it put up useless press any key.  remove it. 4. power settings - screen timeout - but previous screen said it was active (did you set it active or found it active), so you must have been able to read it.  check this.  5. apps audit results - useless press any key. remove it. 6.select a mode screen: - edition: core - Change so it reads: Edition: core - Windows 11 Home Edition 7. Security review screen: also not clear in this chart and the previous charts if you have already read the settings, and this is what was found or just an explanation of what will be checked.
 Make what came before and here clear so user understands.Also old computer has a battry has a lapto that gets charged when plugged in. don;t remember seeing battery % before. 8. does and does not do:  user needs to see what specifically was done with convenience features individually and why, so user can understand and decide what they may want to change back manually. Whats the .etc? add win 11 home wording to Edition: Core. Also, what will program say with pro edition of windows 11, suggest Windows 11 Pro.  9. setting chart window says defender real time is off. read that malwarebytes is there and say something that is true.  how about "on-3rd party VP. Change wording in chart to Defender real-time Virus Protection(VP), and Defender Firewall Protection in settings.  tamper protection: On or Off (if true) say 3rd party VP.  I checked win sec and virus protection, malwarebytes is turned on and defender options says periodic scanning is Off. Malwarebytes app says real-time protection is on.  chart defender protection scanning says defender is primary. Not being read accurately. fix it. 10. lettering to right is being cut off in chart the box is not being extended to length of longest line in box.  Ask me questions.  