Questions for Claude to add to Project Notes for investigation:

1. What are these bundling concerns.  How do we explain to user,  What will be there choices?
2. Deep dive and add yahoo search removal option for user
3. We found the fortect ghost.  Can we add search for these Ghosts and how should we handle?
4. Add to notes About products or functions they didn't know about that  we recommend with instructions, at some point after we are ready for 26H2. We definitely need a descriptive Writeup of all win key itmes, summary list identifying them with a what for few words describing each and a link to full information and how to use them. They can download it for $TBD. Similarly for products and functions they didn't know about.
5. Any legal liability for Tier 3 list
6. A document on optimizing win 11 home and one on win 11 pro at $TBD, with annual updates at $TBD after each win 11 annual release and email notices to previous buyers. Same for all products. 
7. who and how can we get major newspapers, Tech Magazines, recognized IT experts, Time and Forbes to review and hopefully report favorably about our wrbsite and products - part of marketing plan.  
8. make sure you we deep dive research any products we add to our trusted list. Also is their any part of MS releases and updates that are provided live and working that cause all or certain PC configurations issues. 
10. A free things you should know about list, like unable to get to website messages or printer error or unavailable, both of which canbe caused by VPN if on.  Any advice about what to do about sites that are non https: compliant messages and are there for possibly or definitely unsecure.
11. Add what makes sense to presentation and final CRM.
12.I belong to the ACB, there are over 200,000 members, developing marketing pitch and plan to them and BBO online Bridge Base to review and alert their membership to secure their win 11 systems.  Benefits them and members. 
13.  Similar pitch to anyone who buys procuct
14. need suggestion box and quarterly survey box with incentive (free X TBD) to anyone completes survey or whose suggestion is implemented.  (bigger free TBD)