1. Malwarebytes detected screen: Change to run a deep scan and give instructions on how to do it.  i.e. open scans and select deep scan and turn on rootkits checking.
2. Wake on Lan - Add Remote desktop to these screen and tell user if he needs and uses remote desktop, explain the risks and what we strongly recommend and why when using remote desktop and f not using remote desktop. What we recommend i.e turn off both mote desktop and wake on LAN
3. Are any of these more secure then the others: Remote Desktop, TeamViewer, or AnyDesk. Which one should we recommend it they need the capability. 
4. These are not working in Powershell when running ascii ps1. Can we turn on method 1 or 2 and explain to user how to use them: you can scroll in Windows 11 PowerShell using your keyboard. Here are the shortcut combinations depending on how you want to navigate. Method 1 not working. Method 2 working, I think. Need to continue testing it, but boon to the user and the easier running of our ascii ps1(s).  I constantly, while being careful, would end the program by mistake:
Method 1: Direct Scrolling (Standard Keyboard)
If you just want to scroll the window line by line or page by page:

Scroll Up Line by Line: Press Ctrl + Up Arrow
Scroll Down Line by Line: Press Ctrl + Down Arrow

Scroll Up Page by Page: Press Shift + Page Up

Scroll Down Page by Page: Press Shift + Page Down

Method 2: Scroll Mode (Command History Friendly)
Sometimes, pressing the arrow keys just scrolls through your previously typed commands instead of moving the screen. To lock into a dedicated scrolling mode:

Press Alt + Space to open the window menu.

Press E (for Edit), then press M (for Mark).

A block cursor will appear. You can now use the standard Up Arrow, Down Arrow, Page Up, and Page Down keys to scroll freely through the buffer text.

Press Esc to exit this mode and return to typing commands.
I turned Mark on and cursor seemed to be stuck.  I rebooted and it was working fine. Not sure what happened the first time.  But once set it stays on even after you to a rerun.  Simple set of instructions to the user.
5. Restarted with resume. When screen about "is this your personal computer" i typed Y and still had to press enter to continue. Fix this.
6. Power settings screen - screen timeout.  On a previous screen we said we took control with screen setting turning if off for duration of program and the resetting it. Statements seem to be inconsistent with each other.Mark didn't start working right away and the enlarged color cursor had disappeared.  Then all of a sudden cursor back and mark working again.  Maybe logs will tell us something. 
7. Selected yes to hibernate and system said it set hibernate on.  Inconsistent statements again. Hibernaten was already on and working fine. 
8. When I right click in powershell, copy is greyed out. Also could not hightlight anything.   Can we fix that.
9. Tried cntl C and it ended the program. Restarted. Cursor (not my enhanced version just blinking noting on the screen. hit enter, a flash of something and then welcome back screen. Selected resume mode. Tip to enlarge screen is useful.
10. select enter and screen flashes by about pro computer, etc.  We remind them of battery status and sleep setting. fix this. 
11. Next screen about password mgr. wording is ok, but  we need to provide a write up about this and malwarebytes and defender before they even start to run the program and get them to implement what needs to be done first. We must forcefully explain the risks if they don't.  add a note to research with experts, and provide summary opinion citing sources.
12. Next screen mark and cursor not working (yet?) I went back and forth a few times to notepad and the ps1 disappeared. check logs.
13. will restart, A problem occurred to me i have to double click to execute. some users may be set to execute with one click. Figure out How do we deal with this.
14. Aside note - We need to develop a test plan procedure for testing every key on every screen to make sure none of them are causing a problem, If we prove it on every 3rd screen, and the same blocking procedure is used on all the other screens can we assume it is working everywhere. However our screen testing all keys has to be done on every screen that has a different selection from the others. One we have designed that every screen with the same key selection answers has the same blocking, then we know it is working on those screens.  But you need to check that is the case, i.e. exact same blocking for all sets of same selections. we test one and if it works then they all should. We can also ask future testers to check this as well on a few keys on every screen. 
15. Another idea: Just for my testing, can we test all available selections on each screen once to be sure tare all working as intended but does the intended action, but resets the action and returns after that until the last action is taken using a counter.  2 selections = 2 rests and then action on the 3rd one. 3 selections then the action on fourth one, and so on. It may be easier to just have back working on these windows as well and we wouldn't need what i just described. You dedide, one or the other.
16. Another idea. A. Been thinking about this for a long time.  A review by you of all program errors that have incurred and adding special program development instructions to avoid similar errors in the future in this and all other projects. B. research of experts to determine any issues with what you plan to implement and what they also are recommending to avoid program errors, etc. 
17. Moved to Checking Current Settings screen. Cursor ccuhanges missing and cursor just sitting there blinking. Fix this. When I went back to pgm, the stuck screen is gone and the password manager screen is up (maybe i didn't wait long enough). hard to tell as some screens come up instantly and some do not. check logs.Check #11 above for comments.
18. What this tool does and doesn't do screen: You have already said you can't get to some of these features now (or ever?) like tamper protection, etc. but you are making definitive statements about what the pgm can do. Reword! Back screen would be very useful here especially for testers. on this screen cursor changes gone again and mark not working. check logs.
19. setting status screen: cursor and mark back, however moving mark up toward top works but the pgm immediately returns it to the bottom so you don't get to top unless you use the top right arrow next to the X, which we want to avoid having the user ever have to use. check logs. Also the entire screen needs to expand so user can see what is going to happen. there is room either that or choose words that fit or do both so no appearance of missing characters. Right now maybe 55%-60% of screen is being used. Plenty of room left. increase what is there by 50% increasing left Setting, less than right statis.
20. same screen #2 - says malware bytes premium trial.  It is not its the feee version.  You can tell the difference by whether the firewall is controlled by malware=premium or defender=free trial. the dell has the free version.
21. #3 - tamper - maybe this should say check again after trial (free or premium trial) ends. Break this entire screen this up into two screens, as we will definitely have more items we are configuring after we review all possible windows settings and Malwarebytes rules for incoming and outgoing items it checks for.
22. Include these checks in notes and CPM and lets redo CPM based on what we have learned and decided to do, i.e. EULA, etc.
23. #5 Turning on periodic scanning -  you just say MB trial, but not true we should be able via registry to do this, if not certainly through manual means. Change wording to 'MB free trial active' .  I just did it and selected full scan for defender, you can also select defender offline scan or quick scan. I don't know what periodic scan means - research it and find out their have to be some rule(s) on how it works. add to notes to check if this multiple scan options are now available in hp and ideapad test machines
24. 