1.cite authoritative support for all statements like on chart 2 and 4 with links to them on our website, for visitors to read and checkout our sources
2. we have more then 19 now
4.'States in plain language' not explains in  English
5. note for tool. Should we do anything about their internet like turn off wifi while using toolto avoid conflicts.  Do we tell them to not run anything after running & dealing with defender and Malwarebytes findings. * increase font for col 2 & 4 change style, maybe to arial black anyway make it more readable.
6. i will need a companion sheet that suggests what to say about each slide.
7.What questions would a business person be asking and lets put answers on companion sheet. Lets have CPM ready by next Friday as a slide at the end
8. slide 6 increase font by 2 pts and change style to something more readable. update # of settings.  Apps audit add identifies old software not used in over 6 months, or some such wording. change wording to "Microsoft Defender & Malwarebytes"... add Gatewayguard.co, not .com domain secured. Working on securing .com (explain in companion sheet)
9. add slide numbers for now. Slide 7 add to companion sheet GDPR meaning and explanation
10. the plan - I think we should start beta console testing as soon as console tool is ready, while we work on GUI. will need instruction sheet on how to run as administrator. Also instructions on what to do if they use a local non admin account. Also and security improvements using local non-admin account.  if so write up do deep dive research and write up separate explanation for website. add beta console testing in 4th week of July and gui testing in 2nd week of august, but maybe this goes into separate CPM slide with mention here about CPM. let me know what you think. Add to companion sheet write up about i need testers from those who use win 11 on their personal computer(s) and will provide easy steo by step instructions for those not familiar with using terminal admin PowerShell. 
11. 